good evening everybody how y'all doin
it's me practice team against thank you
and welcome to my channel again I sent
you to all of my new subscribers I thank
you for those that have been following
since I've started we listen I got
another hole for y'all I told you I had
to go out and pick up some things
contributed to read redo my bathroom and
so I have some things from burlington
coat factory and i have some things from
wayfair and i have some things from ross
but i also received a package from macys
but it's not a it's not anything to do
with my bathroom remodel it's just some
some boots that I had more time to show
you all that as well so I want y'all to
get ready for this hall go get some go
to a cup of tea and maybe a snack or to
us I know it's late but I want to go
ahead and get this on tumblr and it
could this stuff to you amen I'm gonna
put this stuff to you okay so let me go
ahead and show you what I got but we saw
the wood this is from wayfair I told JA
I was looking for some place a little
round balls to go in that big silver and
clear bowl that I have proches from home
goods and I showed oz of silver balls
that I was this morning that kind of
skills appearance so these came this
evening the white bowl listen I coconut
for you look we are the white ball put
up or put in that same boat are they so
pretty yasiel they very textured to see
it so they are white and fill these are
Christmas balls but i'm going to use
them as decorative balls in that silver
and clear a glass or bowling like that
veteran tape you got three of these for
like 1,000 something oh and this morning
when I was doing my home I made a
mistake and I misspoke and i told her
that i got those silver balls three four
five thousand something I was that was
wrong i went back and checked the price
they were three dollars and some change
a piece so I do apologize I told you I
want to be honest is ok but these came
from wayfair and they're gonna make a
nice addition to what's already in the
bowl and I'll give you a whole know how
the dining room has turns out when it's
fine it complete because I'm always
adding ticket something wings up but I'm
going to be this way there ok let's
start with Ross I got a I got the left
leaf stuff from wrong yes look like
anything off no the bad payroll ok I
guess I d well I picked up this of
course I got the bling bling it got the
bling bling got the bling bling bling
blame blame blame blame blame blame and
it was oneself or it was one sale for
five dollars and forty ninth 65 down to
49 sec bleh bleh then with that go
love it love it love it this is one of
my bathroom I will try to see them in a
calm arrange my bathroom I'm so excited
so that's one that's one all peace
mutual this is okay this right here came
from burns and search back I'll be
careful okay what I'm going to show you
one of these rock I got this beautiful
this is calling my bathroom my bad bro I
thought this was excellent I thought
this was actually be beautiful this is a
good back right here and it's going to
match your asain the decor I'm sure your
birthday in a minute so this and I got
two of these and they were only ten
dollars and ninety-nine cents when I'm
gonna tell you cuz you need to see well
tell me unless you want to see but these
were 1099 I got two of these for my bad
okay then
okay put me put this back in here cutie
okay okay I got you some role they are
the things that I hang the shower
curtain with but i think i might take
these back because i don't need them yo
Oh needle and i'ma show you wack but
these were 499 okay I don't need these
and then I picked up dick I was looking
for some time back and this is a these
are tied back and and you get to other
and this is how you do it you see how
they got a money in this picture right
there that's how you try to tie them
back right there you see that and this
is gold children this is a silk because
the that I need so that two of these 499
I couldn't beat it I was so excited to
get this I was because when i went there
and then rose and i went to that section
with the tie backs are oh my god they
had like grill maybe full woman's made
many back but didn't have a cutter let
you know when i took mungkin and Godhead
and God had those bees right here and
waiting for me cuz he knew my daughter
Carmen and I one daughter said right
here just get here okay this is uh okay
never thought I'm burgers okay I read
them okay I picked up some white this is
for feeling for luxury home collection
this from the luxury home collection a
set of four napkins this is up for my
stomach my dining room tape everybody
know my dining room table is silver and
white my dining room my dining room
period sylvan what
and this is linen napkin I got four days
you're 44 own to 299 y'all know sister
girl like she like sales right you know
I like sales right so you already know
like sale so therefore hey so I got
there and I also picked up some great
candles to brake handles precious metals
that's the brand okay and I got them for
299 I said okay good I'm just hoping
this right now okay and also jump
distance was on my face I was in Britain
and I was checking out some things I'm
just picked up this look what no rhyme
or reason right now I don't know what
I'm gonna do with it but it was guess
what dollar ninety-nine okay dollar
ninety-nine but it's gonna go good with
my bathroom they call okay that's about
money night everything up
that's right it was a shocker to me
sometime so I'm in a row not my business
night Ross are built in my business and
I pick up this and they're pretty net
free you can put it that way or you can
set it up like this I might put it like
this just because I like it what don't
you know but guess ones are painful I
love bling bling nothing I love bling
bling bling bling bling is glass and
y'all know I told you I love me some
pearl look at glass and pearls but guess
how much it cost you ready 19 and add
did you trim it one man did NASA yes
slug god is good so I got this okay
let's put this Olivia get this back in
here I'm trying to strip in together
yeah this is look this is a bitch is
gonna get this is what I went to grow
into school and I say I got so many oh
my good stuff slow anyway hold on we're
gonna hit them all on the bed okay okay
whoo okay so I'm doing my decor in my
bathroom and I was watching sharing
she's so fabulous I love her holes I
love her all hi Sharon and um she gave
me an idea instead of buying regular
curtain I mean shower curtsy said she
receives regular Curtis why she tell me
they're good girl pleasant baby Shannon
you so fabulous you bless me you gave me
a creative idea you are me I thank you
for the idea I do because I went out and
I want to redecorate my bad wrong and I
got always still cool over here but let
me take the t shirt of cuts because I
chose now y'all be some bling blinkers
okay they blame blame chris i'll just
let you know okay blaming her it might
be kind of busy but the way I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna almost shape it right on up
okay so this is for two pair I pay 17
Nanomech and they are from hidden and
part home furnishings heating in part so
these are regular Curtis see but i'm
gonna use math the showers of dressing
okay that's one thing that's that's one
sec I got another set right here ok only
because I don't want to use and this is
and this grant is BB this is the name
brand BB and their window panels as well
and they're only 1799 BB yes 17 internet
okay and they are all the curtains are
38 x 84 all these panels all three about
something I just always to dad is late
okay and then i got these solid curves
and they yes these solid silver Curtis
seasonic Scylla curtains okay and they
were only 999 solid silver Kirk this is
what I went there for Curt some shower
curtain sense and I need I need some
curtains to go over a window my window
in the actual shower be bathroom and one
more thing I got excused no sorry but
then I got these wankers please be 50
keys away and these will sell for there
was running a 49 and I got him oneself
or 999 next what I was thinking about
going ok is taking these when I look
take taking these curtains one on each
side and taking these terms and one on
each side and then using my time back to
tie them all back you follow me now what
the current that I don't use in my
bathroom I'm going to use one pair oh
how are you I'm just gonna be so honest
with y'all I have don't have a clue
although highly you I don't know what
I'm gonna do I haven't decided what I'm
going to do as of yet but there's some
beautiful curves so I had to go and I
will figure it out along the way of all
this I'm gonna figure this out along the
way for inside and so that's brothers ok
me put it back in the bag a minute
[Music]
and then I'm going to show you what I
got from I'm gonna tell you what I got
from UM from amazing just minding my
business y'all gotta forgive me come on
my pants talking yeah and these were
regular these were regular don't see how
much was they were regularly but anyway
the head is on sale it may all be
international concepts and they are the
white cat food whoo myself over here
being all these wide calf boots owners I
got these the only ones on brown boots
just real leather and everything I've
been wanting some brown booze I ordered
pair michael kors when I tell y'all
thing all they were absolutely gorgeous
they got to my house is my planting my
grip roll my my foot to knee it was they
said it with my size but Mike of course
I'm gonna come up my people hurting so I
have any retract these on I'm almost
scared to try mon for real for real
because I don't want things to have to
go back I want these boots and there was
a regular
I don't know I'm not gonna lie to you
but i only paid forty four thousand i
paid forty four dollars and I can you
know what I can't see it but um without
the man i paid forty four eighty eight
cents so i thought that was a good deal
i jumped on it as fast as i could I told
John will jump to the screen for the
dress so I almost drunk jump through
computer for them you know funny but
that's my hall for tonight I hope y'all
enjoy it because I enjoy shopping and I
enjoy letting y'all share with me
sharing a greasy guys so who enjoyed
this hard feelings I wrong I'm sorry all
this annoys so blame others and sleep he
does good either way I'm so glad that
y'all were able to join me on this whole
and because i really like doing these
halls for y'all so I pray that you got
some inspiration from from my heart on
today I premia gave you come up some
ideal just like Sharon species old
fabulous she gave me some some ideals
and I say God for her or sharing her her
fine with us you know and so oh you know
what with my rogue a I got feelings oh
hey my world my husband's are left a bag
in the car because it was in the front
seat no I got another bag in the car
what wandering is it's almost two
o'clock midnight but I just wanted to
say thank each and every one of you but
taking the time again to join me on my
channel I so welcome each and every one
of you listen do me a favor and bite
your friends and your family
tell them to come and subscribe to my
channel and any comments are welcome
okay mmm is if there's anything that you
would like me to like for me to do on my
channel as far as hair hair tutorials
and and try on a whole and what's in my
purse whats in my purse mm-hmm or what's
in my bag cool or what's in my house
though y'all tell me what y'all y'all
need and I'll try to make it happen a
man and I just wanted to tell y'all one
tonight me may the love of God be your
pillow that you rest on tonight may the
protection of god be your blanket that
protects you through the night may the
peace of God be all of them through your
dreams may the joy of God finds you in
the morning and may the favor of God
follows you all throughout your day my
name is profit is tina moore i love you
tonight but God loves you more bad